listen there supposed to be a prestige
when it comes to the Oscars there's a
reason why all the other award shows put
thousands if not millions into their
ceremonies only to be titled the road to
the Oscars
but what's funny is that at least the
other shows ain't scared to host a host
half of the time I know that the
foolishness dealing with the nominations
is because of statistics mostly though
it is you know campaigning buffoonery we
made an entire video covering that and
Netflix pillows and that sucks because
the Oscars are supposed to mean
something love them or hate them if the
voting academy was actually watching the
movies we'd be highlighting the
Superbowl of cinema honoring the best of
the best it should boost the winners
career for being the best in their field
and shine a light on projects that
otherwise may not have been seen but got
the attention thanks to the Academy of
Motion Penn said they put cats on the
VFX shortlist this is before Universal
admitted that they weren't even done
editing the effects come the premiere of
the film and had to release another
version after people had already paid
for it the Academy put them on their
shortlist a month prior to that said
while the stock for the Oscars is it's
clearly very low right now
even the people winning the awards keep
losing them I'm gonna take a page out of
my cohost from the intercut podcast
Zacks tweet and give my thoughts on the
Oscars while highlighting a couple more
films and filmmakers I hope you have on
your radar
let me explain so starting off with Best
Picture I personally think it's a really
solid list on the intercut podcast we
talked about how the total number always
varies because of the algorithm the
Academy uses so other than that one year
where they really implemented it it's
kind of statistically impossible to get
ten nominees and that's why we keep
seeing nine but even more statistically
impossible it's taking all your
favorites we're gonna be up there I
don't get why people are always upset
that there's like three movies they
don't like considering out of the ten I
expect a good 50 years or 60 may go your
way but three probably aren't gonna be
your favorites that's it I don't get why
these are error there
The Joker obviously needs to be
highlighted since it got the most
nominations at 11 and man wanna write
it's been just just watching all the
chaos at this movie has caused
I got an early screening to Joker back
in 1982 so I've already seen the better
version of this movie but nonetheless I
think it's still
has built a huge fanbase one that does
tend to act like the Joker when someone
doesn't like the movie which sadly you
think that the Joker memes would be a
little bit better so I'm a little sad in
there but on the flip side it's also
been just as crazy seeing all the people
who hate this movie and talk about it
more than the people who love it how all
the people who were telling you you
couldn't go see the movie because of
something that was gonna never happen
and I were at the end of the year and
this movie's got 11 nominations so other
el-amin nominees that I would have put
in this category that I think would have
fit the definition of Best Picture would
have been Lulu Wong's heartfelt The
Farewell the version of the current war
that wasn't massacred by Weinstein and
clearly was gonna be set up for award
season the audience beloved thriller
knives out the forgiving a beautiful day
in the neighborhood in the Sandman
coming for you in your dreams that said
I do think these two are very
representative of what the Academy is
always looking for even though the best
is right in front of their eyes speaking
of I think the foreign language category
which was recently renamed best
international feature for reasons we'll
find out in a couple of years in certain
movies get nominated was actually
stacked I've talked about all five with
parasite being at the top for me for
sure I was super happy to see Corpus
Christi get nominated because it's this
movie I was able to catch at TIFF about
a criminal wanting to be a priest but
they won't let him so he does it anyway
I highly recommend it shout out to honey
land for getting that dock in foreign I
thought it was about to get
cinematography as well but the a24 boys
came in with their black and white film
and we all know the Academy tends to
vote one of those in but some of the
other alameen turn a tional films that
would perfectly fit this list is the
Danish Queen of Hearts an erotic drama
following a manipulative therapist
Lebanon's 1982 which splits the
perspective of the Lebanon War between
the teachers trying to find the courage
to protect their students from the war
and the students trying to find the
courage to ask their other classmates
out because they don't know what's going
on
Russia's beanpole which I recommend
watching the masterfully cut Khan
Strahler if you want to go into hyped
and knowing nothing the American trailer
if you want to know half the movie
baccarat from Brazil and France which
wasn't even eligible for an Oscar cuz
supposedly only one good movie can
represent a country and Francis portrait
of a lady on fire we
is a masterpiece in terms of directing I
do think there was plenty of great
female directors this year who could
have easily made one of the top five
spots but I don't think that takes away
from the impeccable work the brilliant
work that each of these men did
directing this year while tawdry watch
taxi driver I love how the movies that
Greta no a directed got nominated for
everything except their directing but
they can sleep soundly knowing they've
made the LME list and that both of them
as partners are probably gonna have
Oscars at their dinner table served I
would also highlight Lulu Wong who did
an exceptional job directing between two
sometimes even three languages to make a
film that was considered both an
American and foreign film so the Academy
didn't know what to do with it Omaha is
the reason Schiele's
autobiography translate so well into
film Solinsky ama directed some of the
best dialogue of the year that's already
made the criterion collection we made an
entire video on Mary o Heller's
pitch-perfect direction in a beautiful
day in the neighborhood
and I'm really glad that Ryan Johnson
made a comeback from his million-dollar
Star Wars movie they get an Oscar
nomination for writing but I do think he
deserves a lot of recognition for his
direction in knives out as well
considering the masterful blocking he
did with his all-star cast in terms of
writing
stacked as well I'm torn between
marriage story and parasite for original
personally I want to say marriage story
but I really do like parrots like I love
the Irishman but y'all gotta read how
Greta overlapped her little woman's
script and so what I really want to
mention is that I have a link in the
description you can even google it all
of these scripts are available to
download for free each one adds so much
to the movie and if you've never one
read a movie script before I highly
recommended especially with some of the
best of the year that are available for
you but a lot of these scripts also have
a bunch of extra scenes I would also add
to the nominees loose which was one of
my favorite scripts of the year
midsummer and The Farewell which has one
of the most heartbreaking segments that
ended up as a deleted scene
moving on to the acting side of things
we have all the supporting ones like
Pitt who I'm pretty sure he's gonna take
it even though he said he wasn't doing
any promo during I think it's been a
shoo-in since the entire run but it was
kind of sad to not see Willem Dafoe on
their song kang-ho or Florence look I'm
biased when it comes to Florence it's
kinda like when a ref makes a bad call
but it's in your favor
I love seeing Florence Pugh nominated I
don't know about it being for the movie
where they just put bangs on her head
and called her a 13 year old a lot of
people would say JLo was snubbed for
Hustler's while the character she plays
is a still hustling but when we look at
the leads I'm going driver and scarlet
all the way look they're my favorites I
don't care what non-working actor's
flexing their credentials on Twitter
tell you I wouldn't even say that it
should get nominated for the big scenes
they keep getting me it should be
nominated for the tiny ones that can
also beat me other el-amin amma knees
would include eddie murphy Taron Egerton
andre holland loose himself elizabeth
mouse would have gotten nominated if she
had followed the Joker route annette
bening in a hope cap but there's one one
specific performance that cut deep
[Applause]
I love all the best supporting speeches
for the people not even nominated are
gonna be better than the speeches we're
gonna hear that night
in 2019 soda break still shooting his
movies on an iPhone but Quinton and
Robert are so shooting on film 1917
which I love I think it's gonna end up
on the top of most people's list for
doing the most the irishman besides some
kicks did an incredible job spanning
eras they said Rodrigo and the three
headed cameras this man had Joker looked
as filthy as it was and we already
talked about the Oscars and black and
white Thrones but Yaron Blaschke
deserved it for the lighthouse and even
though whichever target about it I would
also highlight Mona's last black man in
San Francisco and the documentary duo of
honey land and midnight family which
don't just look great but were actually
shot on the fly moving on to the visual
effects I'd like to highlight ad astra
and their commercial flights the subway
on the moon John awake for breathing
Godzilla if you had the right screen and
a couple of smaller movies that did go
above and beyond in that department in
my opinion literally anything but cats
sound mixing I think sadly gets the
least attention sound mixing editing in
the departments because like I mean at
least a costume designers are gonna see
their stuff
cosplay during Halloween sound designers
usually don't get anything I do think
that nineteen seventeen excelled in both
beyond any other film in 2019 and I
highly recommend this upcoming year
spoiling yourself and catching a movie
at a Dolby Atmos Theatre if you've never
gone to one I highly recommend it it is
the best sound that you can possibly
feel you gonna feel it in your but in
terms of the best stunt choreography
category the Oscars forgot to recognize
him this year but here at ellamy we got
John wick three climax 1917 and I'm sure
Joaquin would have kicked his way in
there if there was one best editing I
have to go for the Irishman you know
it's got to be the Irishman I've seen
this movie six times and thalma cut it
so it just flies by but I will say that
marriage story not getting nominated is
insane to me considering how intricately
cut that movie was like even at the
editor on set throughout the entire shoe
like Carson run quiz did not make his
one good video of last year for you guys
I lost my body I think is one of the
best movies of the year so it was great
to see it nominated and I hope it wins
for animation but it was also good to
see Klaus which did some incredible
stuff with 2d the missing link people
are probably still surprised by the
Globes and it would be cool to see how
to train your dragon' pull a Return of
the King I know that it lost the Toy
Story the first time and I'll toy
stories back but it being the last one
that I could win it for I think would be
cool place Toy Story 4 as well as there
and I know that a lot of people have
been talking smack about it I know a lot
of people were skeptical about the 4th
and may have not liked the story but in
terms of animation I mean you're lying
to yourself if you don't think this
pushed the boundaries with all the
textures and lights that it did some of
our other pics though would be
abominable primal from the creator of
Samurai Jack and Dexter's Lab and
weathering with you personally I feel
like a lego movies never gonna get
nominated and I just wanted to mention
that but it's better than ending up into
the unknown like frozen which did get
song though but honestly that's just
Elton's to lose this year had a lot of
artists trying to expand on their yachts
by writing songs for feeling movies but
both got shut out that said the song
from Wild Rose I feel should have gotten
something and maybe even Thom Yorke's
track from motherless Brooklyn which I
thought was the only good thing from
that movie that said score wise I do
want Hildur to take it because she had a
killer year last year but I also really
liked Michael levy score for mo nose and
Emile's the last black man in San
Francisco score which again was
intelligible but those are the two that
I want to highlight because they are
crazy good boy not as crazy as John
Williams getting 52 nominations
breaking down their art departments we
have the production design and once upon
a time in Hollywood which I feel is
gonna be the winner because look just do
yourself a favor and check any of the
behind the scenes to see how they turned
all of Hollywood Boulevard back into the
60s down to the windowpanes
but 1917 at miles and miles of trenches
all specifically measured to the actors
pace who would be running the scene I
still gotta go once upon a time in
Hollywood if I could add any I would say
knives out and all of its mysteries that
have left in plain sight throughout the
house the attention to detail and a
beautiful day in the neighborhood with
its sets and the 100 page Bible re a
star made for the production of midsole
more in terms of best makeup and
hairstyling this is been a category
that's usually been getting like three
nominations but they amped it up to 5
this year and while I think bombshells
the best one I think Rocket Man and once
upon a time should have been in the
category as well in terms of costumes
Celine did her own for portrait of a
lady on fire and I think that should
have gotten some recognition Rocket Man
nailed it with Elton's costumes
throughout the decades but look if we're
gonna talk about one snub the one real
big snub that I think did happen it
would have been Ruthie Carter for
Dolomites because poor Eddie had to put
up with those shoes yeah but she
wouldn't got them vintage shoes I just
wanted to mention a couple of the shorts
here and even link Zacks Twitter thread
that has a bunch of the shorts listed
for you to watch online for free because
sadly a lot of these get lost and never
seem to be seen again and I really hope
streaming finds a way to help these
shorts get more attention in terms of
the short docs I'm really looking into
in the absence winning because this
covers the story of a South Korean ferry
that sunk killing 300 people most of
them children and how the people
responsible didn't even pull up the
ferry until three years later on the
animated side of things it's a little
bit lighter
there's Kipple which is on Disney Plus
and I really like it I thought it was
cute but I really loved hair love which
you could also watch online others I
like to mention are the tip selects
flesh and why slugs don't have legs and
in terms of live acts
I had a couple there was a bunch of the
festival ones that we've been mentioning
throughout the year like run which I
know is now available online I'll end up
in jail has a crazy ending anima which
is on Netflix little gray bubbles debris
or man debris exam and even your go
slant the most had a short film out this
year that definitely feels like you're
goes lanthum owes to wrap up the final
category I'm really looking at American
factory produced by the Obamas it's on
Netflix to be the big winner because I
don't even know how they got this much
access to cover this auto glass plants
in Ohio that's merging with a Chinese
company because the GM plant went
bankrupt and now they got thousands of
people it is this crazy culture clash
that got captured on film some of the
other ones that I would like to
highlight is on Amazon we have one child
nation uncovering the history to China's
one-child policy this movie wastes no
time asking the real questions Maidan
was another one I really liked that
follows the first ever female crew who
raced around the world and I know at one
point the Oscars wanted the most popular
category and in terms of docks I would
give that to none other than the fire
fest duo which definitely will be
remembered because some scenes were hard
to swallow overall I've got on record in
stating that 2019 was an incredible year
for film one of the best of the decade
in my opinion so regardless of if you
agree with all of the nominees or not
hopefully the Oscars shine a light on a
movie or two that you may not have known
but hopefully won't soon forget
if not I blame y'all for inducting Tom
Holland thank you guys for checking out
this video I'm Kirsten are your thoughts
down below in the comment section again
I'm a man of my word I had mentioned it
in the beautiful day video I was really
looking forward to some more nominations
I would have even done some canceled out
if would have gone like a credit Gerwig
in a Lulu Wong
there but look I mean they flagged my
videos all the time so when I said I
wasn't gonna cover the Oscars still
wanted to cover the nominations but in
terms of the ceremony I won't even be in
town technically but uh yeah usually
they flag all the stuff that I do
anyways if you want to see my thoughts
on the Oscars here's the video from last
year pretty much gonna be saying the
same things but it is gonna be
interesting to see what AMC does
considering the fact that AMC Theaters
last year didn't play Romo cuz it was a
Netflix movie so this year when they do
the showcase and they start playing all
the Best Picture winners I'm curious
what they're gonna do considering
there's more Netflix movies this year
but I don't know we'll see
one last prediction I'll make here is
that once upon a time in Hollywood
didn't get best editing I know
Best Picture is up it can go anywhere it
can go to Jo Jo rabbit to be honest with
you considering that you know Green Book
one TIFF last year and that's Jo Jo
wanted this year but hey if parasite
wins man that would be the same
other than that I'm curious to know your
thoughts down below in the comment
section don't forget to comment like and
subscribe we get justice for MA